Instructions for using github: 



0. First, if you don't have a github account, set an account at: https://github.com/




Remark: The following instructions are for using command line instructions in linux/unix or cygwin. 
Alternatively, you can download a git client for windows from here: https://git-scm.com/downloads
and use the client to perform the operations listed below (instead of typing the commands in command line). 


1. After you've set up an account, You'll need to clone the course github repository. 
The course repository is available at: https://github.com/orzuk/course52311

First, you will need to clone the repository. To do so, you can create an empty directory 
in your computer. Then go to this directory, and type in command line: 
git clone https://github.com/orzuk/course52311.git

Or, alternatively: 
git clone git@github.com:orzuk/course52311.git

after this, the entire repository should be copied into your directory 

2. You'll need to ask me to invite you to the repository so you can make changes and upload them. 
Send me an email with your user name 

3. You should always be synchronized with the latest version of the repository, as there will 
be changes made by others. To get the latest version, you should type in the directory of your repository:
git pull origin master

4. If you make a local change (like adding/changing a file), you should add it to the repository as follows: 
git add <file-name>

Then: 
git commit -m "Comment explaining your change" 

5. Finally, if you want your local change to be shared by everyone, you should upload it to the shared repository. 
To do so, you need to type: 
git push origin master


Note: Before you push your change to the repository, you always have to first get the updated repository (using 'git pull origin master') 


6. All of the above assumes you don't have conflicts. Conflicts arise for example when two or more people are working on the same file simoltaniously. 
In that case, git will tell you that you have conflicts and you need to resolve them before you can push your changes. 
You can do so, for example, by stashing your changes: type 'git stash' and git will ignore your latest changes. 
Then you can pull the latest changes made by others, then make your changes again, and then add, commit and push 



These are just basic instructions showing some basic operations. To get a better undestanding of how git works, please go here: https://guides.github.com/




